As a matter of fact, issue of whether technology reduces our opportunities for human interaction or provides us with new and better ways to communicate is a complex and controversial one. Some people claim that new technologies such as smartphone, Internet make people less willing to communicate with others frequently. While others argue that technology gives people faster and convenient ways for interaction. In the last analysis, I am inclined to support the second idea.

Admittedly, it is true that new technologies make people dislike to communicate with others though traditional ways. For example, some people are not willing to talk with others face-to-face nowadays. Because they think cellphone and emails are enough in daily interaction. Also, many young people never write a letter which is an important communication tool in old days. However, this does not mean that technology reduces our opportunities for human interaction. Because new technologies give people more choices of communication. For example, cellphone and emails are more convenient and efficient in daily life, so some people don't choose to have a face-to-face talk. Also, letter is out-dated because it is too slow. People use email as substitution of it. Actually, people communicate with others more frequently with the development of technology because new communication tools give people faster and better ways for interaction.

On the other hand, modern technologies broaden our social circle significantly. In the past, our social circle are mainly consist of schoolmates, relatives and colleagues. Nowadays, we can meet friends around the world though Internet. On Facebook, you can easily find people to chat with even you are thousands of kilometers apart from each other. On Twitter, you can interact with singing star, movie director, or even president directly. It is really unthinkable in old days. Therefore, technology release the location confinement of communication and make people connect with one another more easily.

In addition, technology can help people propagate advanced science and thought. The development of science and society requires people communication and cooperation. Modern technologies provide people convenient and fast tools to share achievement and intelligence. For example, two labs need share experiment data with each other in different cities. In the past, they need to record the data on paper and transport them though letters. It always costs a few days even two citys are not far away from each other. But now, they can send the data though Internet in a few seconds. As a result, technology accelerates  the research progress significantly.

From what has been discussed above, we may safely arrive at the conclusion that technology provides us with new and better ways to communicate and connect with one another. Technology development gives people faster and better ways for interaction, expands our social circle and accelerate advanced science propagation.