In this argument, the author claims that Amburg should install high-intensity lighting throughout the city because doing so is a more effective way to combat crime. To substantiate the conclusion, the author points out that vandalism in Belleville declined because they installed high-intensity lighting and police patroling on bicycles did not reduce the rate of vandalism in Amburg. While this argument seems plausible at first glance, it suffers from several critical fallacies.

Firstly, the argument relies on the dubious assumption that high-intensity lighting in central business district is the only reason result in vandalism declining in the Belleville. Perhaps the punishment of vandalism in Belleville is very strict, so people don't dare to crime. Or perhaps, Belleville assigned more police patroling in its central business district at the same time. So, maybe it is the police patroling not the high-intensity lighting reducing the vandalism rate. 

Secondly, it is highly doubtful that high-intensity lightings are applicable to Amburg. Because there are many dissimilarities between Belleville and Amburg. For example, the punishsment of vandalism in Amburg is too slight. So crimals are not afraid of being found by high-intensity lightings. Or perhaps, the high-intensity lightings are very expensive. Government can not afford too many high-intensity lightings throughout Amburg. Problems such as these might present insurmountable obstacles that  Amburg install high-intensity lighting to combat crime.

Finally, the author thinks that police patroling on bicycles in business district is not an effective way to combat crime because the rate of vandalism in Amburg remains constant. But constant vandalism rate does not mean police patroling useless. Perhaps police patroling on bicycles is useful to combat crime, it can reduce a lot of crimes. Just because vandalism increases a lot recent days, the vandalism rate remains same even police have stopped a lot of criminal acts. If there are no patrol police in the city, the result will be worse.

To conclude, the argument is not persuasive as it stands. To make it logically acceptable, the arguer should present more substantial facts to prove that high-intensity lighting is the only reason result in vandalism declining in Belleville; high-intensity lightings are applicable to Amburg and police patrol in Amburg is useless.