12'36''



In this argument, the author claims that the best way to improve Hopewell's economy and generate additional tax revenues is to build a golf course and resort hotel. To substantiate the conclusion, the author points out that the nearby town of Ocean View built a new golf course and resort hotel two years ago. After two years, more tourists come to Ocean View and Ocean View's tax revenues have risen by 30 persent. While this argument seems plausible at first glance, it suffers from several critical fallacies.

Firstly, the arguer maintains that Ocean View's increment in tourism and tax revenues was due to building a golf course and resort hotel. However, the only evidence offered to support this conclusion is the fact the building a golf course and resort hotel preceded increment in tourism and tax revenues. Obviously, the author ignores a host of other possible explanations for the success. Perhaps, Ocean View's government advertise the city a lot on Internet and the advertisement attracts plently of tourists around the world. Or perhaps, Ocean View's environment improves a lot during these years. People come there to enjoy the fresh air and wonderful scenery. Lacking a detailed analysis of the source of  the increment in tourism and tax revenues, attributing building gold course and resort hotel to this success is unreliable.

Even though Ocean View's increment in tourism and tax revenues was due to building a golf course and resort hotel, the argument assumes that during past two years all other conditions possibly affecting tourism remained unchanged. After two years it is entirely possible that many nearby cities have built golf courses and resort hotels. The tourism competitors having gold course and resort hotels maybe increase a lot. So, if Hopewell begins to build gold course and resort hotel now, it will face a severe competetion among many other cities. Without considering these factors, the author can not conclude that building a golf course and resort can imporve Hopewell's economy and tax revenues.

In addition, it is highly doubtful that building a golf course and resort hotel are applicable to Hopewell. Because there are many disssimilarities between Hopewell and Ocean View. For example, Hopewell's topographic condition does not allow people to build a golf course or resort hotel in the city. Or perhaps, Hopewell is an industry city so the industry pollustion is very serious there. Even if Hopewell builds a big gold course and wonderful resort hotel, people would not like to come because of the bad environment. Problems such as these might present insurmountable obstacles that Hopewell's plan for improving economy and tax revenues by building gold course and resort hotel.

To conclude, the argument is not persuasive as it stands. To make it logically acceptable, the arguer should present more substantial facts to prove that Ocean View's increment in tourism and tax revenues was due to building a golf course and resort hotel, and all other conditions possibly affecting tourism remained unchanged during past two years, and building a golf course and resort hotel are applicable to Hopewell. 

46'40''