As a matter of fact, issue of whether educational institutions should encourage students to choose fields of study that will prepare them for lucrative careers is a complex and controversial one. Some people claim that lucrative careers are important to students and the educational institions should encourage students to choose study fields for preparing, while others argue that encouraging students to pursuing lucrative careers is bad for students' long term development. In the last analysis, I am inclined to support the title statement.

Admittedly, it is true that pursuing lucrative careers may has bad effects for students' long term development. This is because some lucrative careers such as investing in stocks have lots of randomness. It seems that students can earn plently of money in short term but they have to suffer big risks at the same time. Also, encouraging students to choose fields of study such as theory of investment that prepare them for these lucrative careers can not build the abilities to earn money in long term. However, there are some lucrative careers such as lawers, doctors and teachers which can earn money in long term. Educational institions can encourage students to choose law, medicine and pedagogy that will help them get lone term lucrative careers.

On the other hand, educational institutions have different types. For example, schools are inclined to teach students more foundational knowledge such as math, physics and language. These fields of study can help students prepare them for long term lucrative careers. While there are also many training institutions such as programming-training institutions. They are focus on teaching students the practical technologies and these study field can help students get a lucrative job in a short time. 

In addition, student's age is also an important factor. For young students who are still in elementary or high schools, foundational knowledge is more important for them because these knowledge can give them  more career choices in the future. While, for the adults who want to get a lucrative job, they may be inclined to go to training institutions. Because they can learn a lot practical technologies in there and find a good job quickly.  

From what has been discussed above, we may safely arrive at the conclusion that educational institutions should encourage students to choose fields of study that will prepare them for lucrative careers. But long term or short term lucrative careers, educational institution types and students' ages will affect the fields of study that educational institutions should encourage students to choose.