Start time: Aug.20 15:54

Money cannot bring a person everything, but without money, one will have nothing. If one person has a lot of money, he can travel wherever he wants, eat whatever he likes and live a worriless life. This is why nowadays so many people have crazy pursuit to money. However, having much money should not be the only goal of one's life and educational institutes should not prepare students only for lucrative careers.
  First of all, educational institutes should educate students so that they can contribute to the society in some way, while encouraging students to study something only because they can earn much money in the future contribute little to the society. For example, those physicists and engineers devoted to the aircraft industry may not earn much money, but their contribution to the convenient flight for us and the exploration to the space is unnegligible. Van Gogh insisted in painting even if he lived in a hard life. He had chance to earn money but he immersed himself in art, as a result of which he left us precious treasures. Biologists dedicating to researches and spend a lot of time in laboratories with slender income discover a lot of medicines that can be used to save people's lives. If students all pursue lucrative careers, the society will be much worse than what it is like now.
  Secondly, earning huge amount of money is not necessarily the goal of everyone. For instance, some young people are willing to sing and build their own band, even if they can only earn the amount of money that can meet their basic living requirements. Some people love little kids so much that they work as a kindergarten teacher to take care of kids, which cannot bring them much money. Students should learn something that they think can realize their values, and if they can work on what they really love, they will feel much happier, which is more important in one's life, than they do a lucrative job.
  Furthermore, if all educational institutes teach students the fields of study which promise students lucrative careers, then the number of students in one field of study will be extremely large because the number such fields of study is limited, which leads to the great pressure of competition in finding jobs and the decrease of the salary in such field. The "lucrative" career is not lucrative any more.
  Money is essential and can indeed substantially satisfy people, but that ought not to be the reason that educational institutions encourage students to choose fields of study that will prepare them for lucrative careers. Everyone has his disparate life goal and our society needs people from all walks of life.

End time: 16:40