11'40''

In this argument, the author claims that Parkvile should discontinue organized athletic competition for children under nine. To substantiate the conclusion, the author points out that over 80,000 young players suffered injuries throughout the country last year, and some players reported psychological pressure or lacking timing for academic activities. While this argument seems plausible at first glance, it suffers from several critical fallacies.

Firstly, one logical problem with the argument is that it assumes that the nationwide statics about injured young players number applies equally to children in Parkvile. It is quite possible that few young players suffer injuries in Parkvile because they have better security measures, more security guard and more reliable sport equipments. Perhaps the coaches and parents are more concerned about children security and schools promote safety education for young players. If so, the author cannot justigfy its recommendation to discontinue organized athletic competition for children, at least not based on the injured young players number in this nationwide survey.

Secondly, the author mentions an interview of youth-league softball players in major cities who report psychological pressure from coaches and parents to win games. However, this interview only contains softball players. Maybe the young players playing basketball or football do not feel much pressure from coaches or parents. Also, the interviewee come from major cities. Perhaps the competition in big cities is much more serious than that in Parkvile. So these young players feel huge pressure to win while children in Parkvile feel relaxed during competition. 

In addition, the author proposes that education expers say that long practice sessions for these sports take away time the could be used for academic activities. While, maybe young players in Parkvile only have short practice sessions so this will not occupy much of academic time. Or perhaps, children in Parkvile work harder on school and have higher learning efficiency. So they don't need much time to get an excellent grade. So the author cannot conclude that sport practice sessions will affect children's academic performance in Parkvile.

To conclude, the argument is not persuasive as it seems. To make it logically acceptable, the arguer should present more substantial facts to prove that nationwide statics about injured young players number applies equally to that in Parkvile, and Parkvile children feel huge psychological pressure to win, and sport prace sessions will affect children's academic performance in Parkvile.

49'00''